So we have our animation working, that's delightful.
Now let's see what we want to do next is as follows.
The idea is that OK, once this animation is over, we want to take the users to the login screen.
Now it depends because at this point, of course, this may not make a lot of sense, but the idea is
that OK, actually, once the animation is over, we will have to check to make sure that if there is
indeed a logged in FRB authorized user and we're not there yet, but we'll get there.
Just I'm just trying to paint the picture.
That's the reason why we have this delay here because want to delay a little bit and do something afterwards?
What is it I want to do?
Well, later we are going to put an if statement that will check to see if we have a user already authenticated.
This is in the future or not.
If that's the case, meaning there's no user authenticated, then we're going to take them to the login
screen.
Otherwise, we take them straight to our reader home screen.
OK.
We're going to do that later.
But for now, all we're going to do really is use our navigator or nav controller, I should say, and
I'm going to get rid of this altogether because we don't need to pretend that we want to see the contents
of our splash screen here.
It looks like I'm having some issues, right?
Probably get rid of one of these.
There we go.
All right.
Because we will need this nav controller.
This is the beauty, because now that we have an app controller controls in navigation, it means this
is where direct, where we want to do like Dot, navigate to X.
We need that.
Now I can do that right.
Right?
We can do that so we can take our nav controller just enough controller.
Look how easy this is that I can say, navigate and make sure you pick the correct navigation method
here.
There's a few, and we want the one that is correct.
We want the one with the root string as such, and we're going to pass here the actual navigation.
So I'm going to say I'm going to go to.
OK, let's go back there so you can see what it is that I want to do.
I want to go to reader screens, how the beauty is that now I can go reader screens.
I go that that guy there, the integrated class enum class start.
I want to go to our login screen that name, just like that.
And I'm done.
I have my controller, I say navigate past.
Path or the route?
Is that going to work?
I see when I run.
Oops, looks like we have some issues here.
Let's go ahead and look at the run.
Let's run again to see, OK, we have a few problems.
OK.
What seems to be the problem, say, is no such method error.
Go Splash and appears in data, so looks like we don't have the navigation of click here.
It says let's go to a reader navigation line.
18.
OK, so when we say readers splash screen, we have now have controller.
We don't have.
All right.
So looking at this, you can see that something is not right because we don't have the log in composable
here, right?
Our screen.
Of course, we're going to have issues.
So I'm going to copy this and paste there to create the actual log in screen, that name like such.
And it's going to be a log in the screen and let's see reader log in screen.
There we go.
Let's go to our login screen.
We're going to pass our nav controller, so we should have done this before.
It's okay.
We're doing it now.
And now this should go away this error.
OK, just make sure you understand what's happening.
What happened was that it wasn't recognizing this composable because there was no composable here screen
that would give us direction to where to get to, to how to get to reader login screen.
That's why we was complaining because we didn't have the reader screen reader login screen attached
here in our nav hosts.
It makes sense.
All right, so let's go ahead and give it another try.
Hopefully, this time we'll have no problems.
And while we can see we have that animation and we go to this blank screen, that it's not very eventful
because we have nothing there, it's OK, but at least we know things are working.
So right here I can just say text our infamous text that says.
Log in screen, so perhaps you can fill a little bit better about our efforts.
This one again.
OK.
There is wait for two seconds and voila, logon screen is showing nice.
It's working.
Navigation is working.
And of course, you always have to make sure that we actually have the the Navajos that we actually
have added screen to navigate to right here.
It's very important.
OK, good.
This is good.
So life is really good.
Things are working perfectly and we should be very happy because the application is over.
Just kidding.
We still have a lot of work to do.